tidy up xrefs, and spec MXR and HLVX (#643)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/app-cheri-instructions.adoc

Hypervisor load and store instructions and the {cheri_base_ext_name} extensions.

> HLVX.* permission checks are not affected by CHERI, they check <<r_perm>> not <<x_perm>>.

Reviewer: This one is a bit ambiguous, maybe something like
```suggestion
While HLVX.* only requires execute permission in the PTE, the authorizing CHERI capability must grant <<r_perm>> in addition to <<x_perm>>.
```

> While HLVX.* only requires execute permission in the PTE, the authorizing CHERI capability must grant <<r_perm>> in addition to <<x_perm>>.

Author: do we need x_perm here? I was thinking that it only needs r_perm......

Author: will fix as a result of our conversation
